This is the DAX content management system!


== Why create an Edit-in-Place CMS?! ==

DAX lets the End-User switch to "EDIT MODE" then just browse
around their web site and edit their content right in-place.
This lets them edit headers, images, and large blocks of
text.  We've found that modern web design doesn't fit the
bill of a single content area per web page.  And because
layout can be complex and flow in a very custom style, it's
almost impossible for the CMS to actually be able to change
and/or control the flow of items on the page.

So, to heck with it!  Lets leave layout in the hands of the
experts (Us), and let the clients worry about what to put in
our layout.  Joomla and even wordpress are allowing clients
to edit more than one content block per page from their Admin
area.  However, this style offers Nothing in the way of
WYSIWYG; usually the style for the text they just entered
cannot be viewed in-context until they publish and go visit
the web page.

Another advantage of Edit-in-Place are DAX's Image Upload
Modules, which let you replace an image instantly and
in-context.  Using the <a
href="http://istyle.dax-dev.com/">Image Style System</a>,
we are also able to have instant advanced compositing of the
image they just uploaded to frame, sharpen, crop or more.


== How it works ==

# Install the "dax" folder, and the "istyle" folders
# Edit the config files (unless you just put them in the docroot, then you're all ready to go)
# Provide some way to log in and out.  The above form source is all that is needed.  You can put this in some un-listed URL at minimum.
# Then, For each page that you want editable add this to the very top (if it does SESSION, it needs to do headers):<pre><?php require_once($_SERVER['DOCUMENT_ROOT'] . '/dax/dax.inc.php'); ?></pre>Add add this to the head tag:<pre><?php require_once($_SERVER['DOCUMENT_ROOT'] . $DAX_HEADERS_INCLUDE); ?></pre>
# It stores all the text strings (and image paths) in a SQLite DB in /dax/sqlite/
